I keep moving on.
Looks like it's going up. In any case, this is a sign that I am slowly approaching the exit.
Suddenly, a strange sound sounded somewhere in the distance. What it is? Someone came to rescue me? Am I almost out?
No, don't relax. Even if someone really came to save me, I still don't know who I am. Maybe it's a trap. It may be dangerous.
I decide to take a breath and listen. Nothing else was heard. Looks like this one is gone. It's a pity, but maybe it's for the best.
In any case, I need to move there. Soon... After a while, I notice that the passage has narrowed. I try to get up, but I hit the ceiling. Has he always been this low? It's strange, I'm sure the sound was from somewhere around here.
And the passage gets narrower. I'm already crawling. If only I could come back later.
At one point, I hit a barrier. And how can I get out? Is this the end?
I start trying to feel around to find something to get out. And then I realize that the stone is quite rounded. Maybe I can shove it?
I press on him with all my might. Looks like I was right, it's moving! Oh miracle, little by little light began to flood in here.
With new hope and strength, I'm trying to shove him like crazy. And at some point I succeeded! The stone began to roll itself away from me. A dim light illuminated my face.
Rejoicing at my success, I have not noticed rolling stone until now. After rolling a little more, he began to fall.
There was a very loud echo from the fall. But what surprised me more was much more incredible.
In the corner near the wall, directly below me lies a gigantic creature. More precisely, lay. The stone that started to fall fell right on him.
What a strange animal. I have never seen such. It looks like a bear, but it was distinguished by a black-brown striped color and large fangs like a wild boar. In one of the fangs I saw a protruding dagger. It looks like it is designed for throwing, because it is as long as a palm.
@+Throwing knife
Accidentally defeated the beast and found the "treasure". It's hard to even believe in such luck.
After descending, I went to the exit, which was about 30 meters from my tunnel.
I caught myself thinking, how glad I am that I finally got out. Now it's all over.
Gradually I got used to the sunlight. What was my surprise when I looked around...