I keep moving on.
Looks like it's going up. In any case, this is a sign that I am slowly approaching the exit.
Suddenly, a strange sound sounded somewhere in the distance. What it is? Someone came to rescue me? Am I almost out?
No, don't relax. Even if someone really came to save me, I still don't know who I am. Maybe it's a trap. It may be dangerous.
I decide to take a breath and listen. Nothing else was heard. Looks like this one is gone. It's a pity, but maybe it's for the best.
In any case, I need to move there. Soon... After a while, I notice that the passage has narrowed. I try to get up, but I hit the ceiling. Has he always been this low? It's strange, I'm sure the sound was from somewhere around here.
And the passage gets narrower. I'm already crawling. If only I could come back later.
At one point, I hit a barrier. And how can I get out? Is this the end?
I start trying to feel around to find something to get out. And then I realize that the stone is quite rounded. Maybe I can shove it?
I press on him with all my might. Looks like I was right, it's moving! Oh miracle, little by little light began to flood in here.
With new hope and strength, I'm trying to shove him like crazy. And at some point I succeeded! The stone began to roll itself away from me. A dim light illuminated my face.
Rejoicing at my success, I have not noticed rolling stone until now. After rolling a little more, he began to fall.
There was a very loud echo from the fall. And together with him I heard the same sound as before, but more distinctly.
It was the roar of a creature that looked like a bear. He was distinguished from a bear only by a black-brown striped color and large fangs. A strange combination, like the monster itself.
He seemed to be enraged by this unexpected sound. Because of this, he jumped up and started trying to get me. He even succeeded a couple of times. Looks like I'll have to fight him. Plus, he was injured. I think I can...

#mob
#Wounded bear
#Bear

After a hard fight, I headed for the exit, which was about 30 meters from my tunnel.
I caught myself thinking how glad I am that I finally got out. Now it's over.
Gradually I got used to the sunlight. Imagine my surprise when I looked around...