I woke up.
Strange feeling. It's like I don't belong to the world or to myself. I open my eyes. And immediately a veil of darkness closes my eyes. Where am I?..
I feel around for a bag. Well, at least there is something. Maybe there is something in it? No, it was empty. However, it's kind of strange, I'll leave it perhaps.
I'm trying to get up. Leaning on the cold floor. It seems to be stone, uneven. Looks like I'm in a cave. However, this is weird, what am I doing here? I don't remember anything, my head is burning.
I'll save my thoughts for later. For now, the most important thing is to leave this place.
At some point, I realize that there is a strange smell in the place where I am. It's like... Gas! Now it's dangerous here. I need to hurry.
I get down on all fours and slowly move myself, not knowing where. Yes, and it’s easier, given that you can’t see anything. Seems to be fine so far.
I feel something. It looks like a cave wall. It's good. If I move along the wall, somehow I will get out. Now I move, each time checking if I have lost the wall. In this way, I continue to move, hoping for the best.
I felt something. It looks like it's a stone. And I was hoping for something good. Well, a stone might come in handy.
@+Rock
How much time has passed? How long do I still have to move? Can I get out at all? And even if I get out, what will happen next? I don't even know what this place is. Where am I anyway? Who am I? Questions keep coming up, gradually eating away at me from the inside. At this rate, I'll go crazy before anything else happens. Yes, we need to get together. Something will clear up in time, but for now we need to keep moving. If only this were all over. Never again will I return to a place like this.
Hm?! Is it just me, or has this place gotten bigger? Need to check.
I was just about to go to check it out, when it dawned on me that in this pitch darkness I might not return to the wall later.
This is a bad idea. However, it needs to be checked. I'm groping for something to throw in there. Thank God I took that stone with me.
@-Rock
I threw it with all his might. The stone flew quite loudly into the wall, which turned out to be quite far away. Looks like I'm strong. It's good.
It seems that my thought turned out to be correct, and the exit is close. I hope so...